# Exercise_AirlineReservationSystem

(Airline Reservations System) A small airline has just purchased a computer for its new automated reservations system. You have been asked to program the new system. You are to write an application to assign seats on each flight of the airline’s only plane (capacity: 10 seats). Your application should display the following menu of alternatives— Please type 1 for "First Class" and Please type 2 for "Economy". If the person types 1, your application should assign a seat in the first-class section (seats 1-5). If the person types 2, your application should assign a seat in the economy section (seats 6-10). Use a single-dimensional array of simple type bool to represent the seating chart of the plane. Initialize all the elements of the array to false to indicate that all seats are empty. As each seat is assigned, set the corresponding elements of the array to true to indicate that the seat is no longer available. Your application should never assign a seat that has already been assigned. When the first-class section is full, your application should ask the person if it is acceptable to be placed in the first class (and vice versa). If yes, then make the appropriate seat assignment. 

(C) Copyright 1992-2014 by Deitel & Associates, Inc. and Pearson Education, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DISCLAIMER: The problem statement in this project was created by Deitel & Associates. All content specific to the coded solution is the implemented work of Davin Hadley.
